not so much farcical as sour . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
everything is off . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
some episodes work , some don't . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
storytelling feels slight . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
 . . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts . 
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
execrable . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
crikey indeed . 
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
clever but not especially compelling . 
…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
below is well below expectations . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
so-so entertainment . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
punitively affirmational parable . 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
decent but dull . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
thin period piece . 
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
[a] stuporously solemn film . 
 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
odd and weird . 
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
everyone's to blame here . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
draggin' about dragons
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it . 
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story . 
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun . 
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
 . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
well-meaning but inert . 
 . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! " 
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge . 
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
they should have called it gutterball . 
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
should have been someone else-
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
not exactly the bees knees
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune . 
more maudlin than sharp . 
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball . 
a non-mystery mystery . 
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids . 
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
warmed-over hash . 
a puzzling experience . 
teen movies have really hit the skids . 
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
just not campy enough
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
who needs love like this ? 
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch . 
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
demands too much of most viewers . 
the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this . 
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ? 
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
too simple for its own good . 
it's exactly what you'd expect . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
 " the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat . 
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas . 
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
a very average science fiction film . 
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
ecks this one off your must-see list . 
as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
nothing about it fits . 
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences . 
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
a sudsy cautionary tale . 
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
i hate this movie
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
a lifetime movie about men . 
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
a wordy wisp of a comedy . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
if only it were , well , funnier . 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
it bites hard . 
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
stay away . far away . 
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
arty gay film . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
death might be a release . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
bland but harmless . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
been there done that . 
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen . 
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
the chocolate factory without charlie . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
the script ? please . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . . 
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
wishy-washy . 
mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
for dance completists only . 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
a movie to forget
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
show me the mugging . 
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
 . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
woody , what happened ? 
routine and rather silly . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
bearable . barely . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
as pedestrian as they come . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 