interesting , but not compelling . 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
[at least] moore is a real charmer . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
 . . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really . 
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together . 
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
more of a career curio than a major work . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 
the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject . 
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
charming , if overly complicated . . . 
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too . 
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
never comes together as a coherent whole . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
worthy of the gong . 
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
it's splash without the jokes . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it . 
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile . 
apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other . 
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks . 
 " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless . 
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in . 
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing . 
a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm . 
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult . 
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . " 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
well , it does go on forever . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
both awful and appealing . 
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
it tells more than it shows . 
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
 " collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment – until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
life is a crock -- or something like it . 
a bravura exercise in emptiness . 
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
eh . 
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion . 
 " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending . 
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
best described as i know what you did last winter . 
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
technically and artistically inept . 
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself . 
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere . 
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
phoned-in business as usual . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
god is great , the movie's not . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
less than fresh . 
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure . 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
mildly amusing . 
mildly entertaining . 
 " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title . 
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
more precious than perspicacious
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 