it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
 . . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 