exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
one lousy movie . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
thoroughly awful . 
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 
the worst film of the year . 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them . 
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
 . . . a pretentious mess . . . 
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmm…might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 
 . . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act . 
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 
downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
 " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
 . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
horrible
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure . 
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
too slow , too long and too little happens . 
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines . 
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it . 
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
 . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project ! 
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
 . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill . 
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive . 
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs . 
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done . 
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound . 
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable . 
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
lame , haphazard teen comedy . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity . 
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
 . . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work . 
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point . 
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad . 
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette . 
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience . 
often silly – and gross – but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad . 
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description . 
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments . 
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
don't waste your money . 
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script . 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
 . . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one . 
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car . 
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
very stupid and annoying . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 
 . . . unbearably lame . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp . 
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
 . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons – a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 
it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
a major waste . . . generic . 
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
one of the worst films of 2002 . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
one of the worst movies of the year . 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
a complete waste of time . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
stale and clichéd to a fault . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
witless and utterly pointless . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
 . . . really horrible drek . 
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
…the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 