effective but too-tepid biopic
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn . 
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists . 
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results . 
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale . 
must be seen to be believed . 
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom . 
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now . 
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear . 
post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
girls gone wild and gone civil again
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
star wars is back in a major way . 
 . . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy . 
hey , who else needs a shower ? 
 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days . 
although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups . 
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release . 
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department . 
woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian . 
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . " 
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
not a bad journey at all . 
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time . 
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
 . . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations . 
much monkeyfun for all . 
more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris . 
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come . 
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . . 
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality . 
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
it took 19 predecessors to get this ? 
escapism in its purest form . 
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts . 
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies . 
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case . 
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
people cinema at its finest . 
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head . 
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
candid camera on methamphetamines . 
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . . 
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan . 
as unseemly as its title suggests . 
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor . 
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it . 
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life . 
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency . 
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film . 
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
if you've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is . 
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time . 
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts . 
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention " solaris " five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
there is truth here
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ? 
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating . 
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth . 
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth . 
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
a creaky staircase gothic . 
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker . 
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buñuel's casings
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department . 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before . 
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles . 
touché ! 
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
 . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process . 
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no . 
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . 
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims . 
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire . 
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog . 
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick . 
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
a chick flick for guys . 
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story . 
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . 
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
 . . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up . 
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors . 
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ? 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance . 
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers . 
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 
is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else . 
meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time . 
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate . 
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " . 
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun . 
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 
weird . rewarding . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt . 
i simply can't recommend it enough . 
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works . 
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy . 
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it . 
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting . 
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in " last dance " ] . 
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' . 
bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
almost peerlessly unsettling . 
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . 
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
merci pour le movie . 
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu . 
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition . 
 . . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications . 
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges . 
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
buy popcorn . take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 
feels untidily honest . 
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
red dragon " never cuts corners . 
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life . 
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too . 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 . 
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
very predictable but still entertaining
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies . 
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it . 
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 
 " what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in . 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay ! 
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '