the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
a masterpiece four years in the making . 
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives . 
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film . 
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world . 
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity . 
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true . 
sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . . 
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
ranks among willams' best screen work . 
this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary ! 
a very funny movie . 
a fascinating and fun film . 
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
the result is something quite fresh and delightful . 
this is one of polanski's best films . 
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right . 
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
jacquot's tosca is a treat . 
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
 . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
 . . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return . 
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce . 
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
this is a very fine movie -- go see it . 
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind . 
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love . 
 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love . 
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off . 
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth . 
led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material . 
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
resourceful and ingenious entertainment . 
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world . 
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone . 
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
it's a masterpiece . 
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles . 
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling . 
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials . 
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
 . . . an inviting piece of film . 
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well . 
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting . 
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
witty , touching and well paced . 
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry . 
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation . 
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable . 
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement . 
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting . 
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders . 
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
invincible is a wonderful movie . 
 . . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought . 
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience . 
a modest masterpiece . 
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun . 
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings . 
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love . 
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids . 
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance . 
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory . 
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear . 
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement . 
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
a warm , funny , engaging film . 
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force . 
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth . 
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
 . . . a true delight . 
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue . 
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year . 
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
 . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class . 
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking . 
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair . 
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality . 
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted . 
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart . 
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises . 
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens . 
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role . 
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work . 
 the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well . 
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable . 
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
 . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate . 
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture . 
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching . 
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
 . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
it is definitely worth seeing . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
the pianist is polanski's best film . 
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
the performances are remarkable . 
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . . 
beautifully produced . 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
sweet and memorable film . 
 . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour . 
a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch . 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
 . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
 ( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk . 
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
 . . . a solid , well-formed satire . 
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
very well-written and very well-acted . 
 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
enticing and often funny documentary . 
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
visually captivating . 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
an impressive hybrid . 
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years ! 
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 
this is a superior horror flick . 
adaptation is simply brilliant . 
a tremendous piece of work . 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
the performances are uniformly good . 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery . 
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
a beautifully observed character piece . 
it's a treat – a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . 
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here . 
a riveting documentary . 
 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
 . . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals . 
one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 
 . . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny . 
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
exciting documentary . 
the movie is a trove of delights . 
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
i loved the look of this film . 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
 " home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . 
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
this is one of the year's best films . 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do . 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
a dazzling dream of a documentary . 
moving and vibrant . 
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor . 
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr . 
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
one of the best movies of the year . 
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation . 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative . 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
a surprisingly funny movie . 
 . . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
the movie is ingenious fun . see it . 
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
a weird and wonderful comedy . 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
a wonderful , ghastly film . 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city . 
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
the film is one of the year's best . 
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
it is a likable story , told with competence . 
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
a thought-provoking picture . 
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
a very charming and funny movie . 
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 
daring and beautifully made . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
 . . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
best indie of the year , so far . 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 
really quite funny . 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
 . . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 
it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . 
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
exhilarating , funny and fun . 
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
 . . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences . 
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
 . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . . 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
dense , exhilarating documentary . 
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes . 
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won . 
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 